"Oh, crumbs!" Pixie mumbled. "Why is everything going wrong today?" The morning started out rather crummy when she showed up to school wearing apples from her bows to her toes. It wasn't out of the ordinary for Pixie to have apples on her clothes. But she had never worn so many. In fact, she was quite fond of them. After all, Pixie's real name was Marigold. Just like the apple. Pixie's classmate, Jack, noticed the apples during a math test. He began to point and snicker. Soon others erupted in laughter. Alora, Pixie's BFF, gave her thumbs up and whispered, "Just ignore them, Pixie, okay?" To make matters worse, the teacher, Miss Gruff, called Pixie to the front of the classroom and fussed at her for disrupting the class. "I've never seen such muttering and slouching. Now go sit down and finish your problems!" Miss Gruff had a stormy face and didn't like kids. Pixie was used to being the teacher's pet, except in this class. She sat back down at her desk and picked up her blue pencil. It was fish face Jack's fault, Pixie thought, but said nothing. Nobody likes a tattle tale. What does he know? He has eyes like a fish and doesn't blink. Pixie blamed her big sister, Caroline, for the fashion disaster. Apparently, wacky clothes and knee socks are GC in seventh grade. GC stands for girlcentric and means cool. But this was not the case at Strawbridge Elementary. Pixie glanced at the ticking clock. Ugh, it was only 10:09 a.m. Later, at the water fountain, Pixie took four gulps of water and PING! "Oh no," she cried looking down at her soggy pencil. It was a special blue fuzzy pencil. Her Aunt G had sent it from one of her exotic travels. Gracie Bell Jingles was her real name, but Pixie called her Aunt G for short. Pixie was sure great kings and queens had used this pencil to sign important papers. "Super gross!" she huffed, pulling it out of the mucky drain. "My day has gone from bad to worse!" Alora kept trying to cheer Pixie up. She even gave her a soft-centered piece of chocolate from her lunch box. It was useless. Pixie watched Jack show off his hot pink laced shoes at the lunch table. Pink's a silly color, she said in her head. And to make matters worse, one of Pixie's loopy ribbons fell into her caramel dip. The only time she perked up was when the school bell rang at the end of the day. Usually, she and Alora counted how many acorns they could crunch under their shoes walking home. But today she ran home by herself. Pixie didn't even stop to catch the falling leaves. Pixie opened the front door just as her mom was coming out of the kitchen. "Welcome home, Miss Pixie. Get to your homework straight away, please!" Today they had plans to romp the library for garden books. This is when she and her mom emptied the shelves making book piles to take home. Sometimes they romped for specific things like fairies. And sometimes they just romped whatever caught their eye. Normally, Pixie would be tickled pink aboutFF flower-filled books. But not this day. She went into the kitchen and plopped her books on the table. There was some chocolate cake batter left in the mixing bowl. So with one hand in the bowl and the other holding a pencil, she began her homework. After working for what seemed like an eternity, Pixie finally finished. Adding three-digit numbers takes time. She was dog tired. Math wasn't too difficult. She just didn't see the purpose of fat numbers. Reading mounds of library books, now that made perfect sense. Pixie's tummy was still growling, so she walked over to the fridge. She wanted to make ants on an apple log before going to the library. Peanut butter apples, topped with raisins was the perfect after school snack. But before she could open the pantry, SMACK! She tripped over their droopy hound, Nutmeg. Her hand smashed into Caroline's half eaten PB&J sandwich on the counter. What a gooey mess! Looking down, Pixie saw her sock charm was hooked on the dog's collar. She tugged it, breaking the green string that tangled around him. And stuffed it in her pocket. But it would take more than string to get him off the cool tile. That dog loved melting on the kitchen floor. Nutmeg was not brown. He was covered with black and white spots. Caroline won him in the town's Pie In The Sky contest two years ago and named him Nutmeg. That was her secret spice. But to Pixie, he was an Oreo kind of dog. It was time to set off for the library. And the thought of a happily ever after story brought Pixie a half smile. She loved reading books of all kinds, especially fairy tales. Sometimes, she even checked out super scary books. These would keep her up all night long hiding under the covers. Thankfully, that wasn't very often. A trip to the library might be what she needed to cheer herself up. The related work for the present study can be grouped intothe following three strands: Intra-sentence relation extraction. Mintz et al., 2009 identify atleast three paradigms applied for the task of intra-sentence relation extraction. These are:  (a)supervisedlearningapproaches focussing on creating hand-labeleddata and experimenting with a variety of lexical, syntac-tic and sematnic features (GuoDong et al., 2005; Surdeanuand Ciaramita, 2007); (b)unsupervised learningmethodsaiming to cluster strings of words exracted from large col-lections of text (Shinyama and Sekine, 2006; Banko et al., 2007); and (c)bootstrapping methodsemploying smallseed sets that focus on pattern-based relation extraction(Brin, 1998; Riloff et al., 1999). Recently, deep learningmodels such as CNN (Zeng et al., 2014; Santos et al., 2015;Xu et al., 2015a), Recurrent neural networks based modelssuch as LSTM model (Miwa and Bansal, 2016; Xu et al.,2015b) and BiLSTM model (Wu et al., 2017) are shown tobe quite useful for intra-sentence relation extraction. Inter-sentence relation extraction.  As explained in theprevious section, several studies have focussed on rela-tion extraction across sentences due to its contribution toth eoverall task of relation extraction. Further, comparingintra-sentence and inter-sentence features for clinical re-search relationship extraction, Roberts et al., 2008) showthat intra-sentence features are not very useful for inter-sentence relation extraction.  Swampillai and Stevenson(2010) employed features drawn from combining parsetrees of sentences for extracting relations across sentencesin the MUC6 dataset. Targeting inter-sentence time-eventrelation extraction, Moschitti et al., 2013 proposed anSVM-model using tree kernels, whichwere evaluated onMachine Reading Program (MRP) and TimeBank datasets. Tree kernels are also shown to be useful for inter-sentencerelation extraction in the Chemical-Induced-Disease do-main (Nagesh, 2016). More recently, Quirk and Poon(2016) and Peng et al., 2017 developed a large dataset fordrug-gene interactions and experimented with graphLSTMmodels to extract cross-sentencen-ary relation extraction. Distant supervision for relation extraction. While sev-eral methods are employed for dataset creation for relationextraction across entities in a single sentence, distant super-vision method has been shown as an useful method for suchintra-sentence relation extraction tasks (Mintz et al., 2009;Riedel et al., 2010). The approach of distant supervisionfacilitates creation of large datasets using seed instances. Although, distant supervision follows a strong assumptionthat sentences with any two entity mentions for a particu-lar relation, qualify as a candidate for relation extraction, itcombines the usefulness of supervised learning approaches,unsupervised learning methods and bootstrapping systemsfor relation extraction, and is particularly useful in creatinglarge datasets, without manual annotation. Given the above three strands of research related to the fieldof relation extraction, it can be clearly noticed that signif-icantly a large number of studies have focused on intra-sentence relation extraction in comparison to the researchwork on inter-sentence relation extraction. Further, it canalso be seen that most of the work in the context of inter-sentence relation extraction have employed smaller datasets(Swampillai and Stevenson, 2010; Gu et al., 2017). Fur-thermore, more recent works (Quirk and Poon, 2016; Penget al., 2017) have focused on specialized domains such asBioinfomatics. Thus, given the absence of a large datasetto investigate inter-sentence relation extraction, particularyinvolving generic relations, this study proposes to developa dataset of reasonable size, involving generic relations tofacilitate research in the field of inter-sentence relation ex-traction. Without doubt, the availability of such a datasetcan help to explore novel ways of relation extraction acrosssentences. With this motivation, this study looks at devel-oping a dataset for inter-sentence relation extraction, in-volving generic relations. Further, although distant super-vision method suffers from the "strict assumption" (Riedelet al., 2010), given the usefulness of distant supervision forrelation extraction, we propose to follow the distant super-vision method for developing dataset for inter-sentence re-lation extraction. This could serve as a starting point toexamine the task of inter-sentence relation extraction. Fur-ther, given the recent success of deep learning models forrelation extraction (Zeng et al., 2014; Santos et al., 2015;Xu et al., 2015a; Xu et al., 2015b), we propose to evaluatesome of these techniques on the developed dataset.